=== PAGE 1 ===
Intro.........................................................................1
Park Overview.......................................................2
Popular Rides and Attractions by Park.............4
Ticket Types..........................................................8
Where to Stay.......................................................9
Where to Eat........................................................11
Skip the Lines with Disney Lightning
Lane Passes.........................................................12
When to Book and Important Dates................13
Tips and Tricks....................................................14
Learn More...........................................................15
Disneyland® Resort is called the Happiest 
Place on Earth® for good reason! The 
original Disney Theme Park is full of 
nostalgia, wonder and, of course, magic 
around every corner. If you’re planning a 
Disneyland® Resort vacation, you’re in for 
a toadally incredible time! But you may 
have some questions as you begin to plan. 
How long should you visit? Where should 
you stay? Which rides are best for you 
and your family? What is Disney Lightning 
Lane and how does it work? We’re hoppy 
to help! In this Jump Start Guide, we’ll 
answer these questions (and more), as 
well as pointing you toward some helpful 
resources so you’re ready to go. 
Let’s jump in!
Disneyland® Resort
l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l llllll
l l l l l l l

=== PAGE 2 ===
Hop here to learn more!
P ARK OVERVIEW
Disneyland® Resort is made up of two theme parks, one entertainment district and 
three on-site hotels. Here’s what you can expect at each of them! 
As Walt Disney said on Disneyland® Park’s 
opening day in 1955, “To all who come to 
this happy place: Welcome!” Then, and 
now, dreamers of all ages can explore the 
hub-and-spoke into Fantasyland® Area, 
Frontierland® Area, Adventureland® Area 
and Tomorrowland® Area. With the beautiful 
Sleeping Beauty Castle at its center, 
Disneyland® Park plays host to opening day 
attractions such as the Disneyland® Railroad 
and Jungle Cruise® Attraction, as well as new 
attractions such as Star Wars: Rise of the 
Resistance and Mickey & Minnie’s Runaway 
Railway.
BEST FOR:
Dreamers of all ages, especially tadpoles
MOST POPULAR RIDES:
• Pirates of the Caribbean® Attraction
• Haunted Mansion® Attraction
• Matterhorn Bobsleds® Attraction
• Star Wars: Rise of the Resistance
• Indiana Jones® Adventure Attraction
EXPERIENCES:
• Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique
• Droid Depot 
• Savi’s Workshop 
• Bluey’s Best Day Ever! at Fantasyland 
Theatre
SEASONAL EVENTS:
• Disneyland® After Dark Events
• Halloween Time
• Holidays at the Disneyland® Resort
Disneyland® Park
Additional fee or separately ticketed event 
2 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 
 
 

=== PAGE 3 ===
P ARK OVERVIEW
Disneyland® Resort is made up of two theme parks, one entertainment district and 
three on-site hotels. Here’s what you can expect at each of them! 
Disney California Adventure® Park is — 
well — an adventure around California! 
Y ou’ll find yourself navigating landscapes 
similar to the iconic wharfs, peaks, rivers 
and deserts that make up the Golden 
State. Y ou’ll find Cars Land® Area, 
Avengers Campus, Pixar Pier and more 
in this thrilling park.
BEST FOR:
Adventurers of all ages, plus “Cars” and 
Marvel fans, tweens, teens and adults
MOST POPULAR RIDES:
• Radiator Springs Racers® Attraction
• Incredicoaster®
• Guardians of the Galaxy — Mission: 
BREAKOUT!
• Toy Story Midway Mania! Attraction inspired 
by the Disney•Pixar Toy Story films
• Soarin’ Around the World® Attraction
EXPERIENCES:
• Animation Academy
• Mickey’s PhilharMagic
• Redwood Creek Challenge Trail® Attraction
• Disney Jr. Mickey Mouse Clubhouse Live! 
SEASONAL EVENTS:
• Oogie Boogie Bash - A Disney Halloween 
Party
• Disney Festival of Holidays
• Disney California Adventure® Food and Wine 
Festival
• Lunar New Y ear
Disney California Adventure® Park
Additional fee or separately ticketed event 
Downtown Disney® District
This special district that sits between the Disneyland® 
hotels and the theme parks offers up restaurants, 
shops and special entertainment. It’s free to get in, 
making it a perfect non-park day activity.
Hop here to learn more! 3 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 

=== PAGE 4 ===
• Alice in Wonderland
• Astro Orbitor
• Autopia® Attraction powered by Honda - 32”
• Big Thunder Mountain Railroad® Attraction - 40”
• Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters® Attraction 
inspired by Disney●Pixar’s Toy Story 2
• Casey Jr. Circus Train
• Chip ‘n’ Dale’s GADGETcoaster
• Davy Crockett’s Explorer Canoes
• Disneyland® Railroad
• Dumbo the Flying Elephant® Attraction
• Finding Nemo Submarine Voyage® Attraction  
inspired by Disney●Pixar’s Finding Nemo
• Haunted Mansion® Attraction
• Indiana Jones® Adventure Attraction - 46”
• it’s a small world® Attraction
• Jungle Cruise® Attraction
• King Arthur Carrousel
• Mad Tea Party
• The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh® Attraction
• Mark Twain Riverboat
• Matterhorn Bobsleds® Attraction - 42”
POPULAR RIDES AND
A TTRACTIONS BY P ARK
With so much fun in store, it can be challenging to narrow down exactly what to do and see 
while you’re in the Happiest Place on Earth®. Don’t worry — we’ve got you covered! Here is a 
complete list of the rides and experiences available in each park, plus information on height 
requirements, kid favorites and more.
Disneyland® Park Attractions
Hop here to learn more! 4 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 
Ready to make a plan for 
your day? Check out our 
pre-made park plans or 
customize your own in the 
Undercover Tourist Theme 
Park Day App!
Haven’t heard about 
Lightning Lane Passes? 
Don’t worry! Hop to “Skip 
the Lines” to learn more.
Rider Switch service is 
available at all attractions 
in Disneyland® Park 
and Disney California 
Adventure® Park.
 
Tadpole Favorite
Lightning Lane 
Single Pass
Lightning Lane 
Multi Pass
Single Rider Line

=== PAGE 5 ===
• Mickey & Minnie’s Runaway Railway
• Millennium Falcon: Smugglers Run
• Mr. Toad’s Wild Ride® Attraction
• Peter Pan’s Flight® Attraction
• Pinocchio’s Daring Journey
• Pirates of the Caribbean® Attraction
• Roger Rabbit’s Car Toon Spin 
• Snow White’s Enchanted Wish® Attraction
• Storybook Land Canal Boats
• Space Mountain® Attraction - 40”
• Star Tours® — The Adventures Continue Attraction 
©Disney/Lucasfilm, Ltd. - 40”
• Star Wars: Rise of the Resistance - 40”
• Tiana’s Bayou Adventure
• A Walt Disney — Magical Life
• Parades
• Fireworks/Projection Show 
• Storytelling at Royal Theatre
• Disneyland® Band
• Bluey’s Best Day Ever! at Fantasyland Theatre
POPULAR RIDES AND
A TTRACTIONS BY P ARK
With so much fun in store, it can be challenging to narrow down exactly what to do and see 
while you’re in the Happiest Place on Earth®. Don’t worry — we’ve got you covered! Here is a 
complete list of the rides and experiences available in each park, plus information on height 
requirements, kid favorites and more.
Disneyland® Park Attractions
Hop here to learn more! 5 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 
Shows and Entertainment
Ready to make a plan for 
your day? Check out our 
pre-made park plans or 
customize your own in the 
Undercover Tourist Theme 
Park Day App!
Haven’t heard about 
Lightning Lane Passes? 
Don’t worry! Hop to “Skip 
the Lines” to learn more.
Rider Switch service is 
available at all attractions 
in Disneyland® Park 
and Disney California 
Adventure® Park.
 
Tadpole Favorite
Lightning Lane 
Single Pass
Lightning Lane 
Multi Pass
Single Rider Line

=== PAGE 6 ===
• Guardians of the Galaxy — Mission: BREAKOUT! - 40”
• Golden Zephyr® Attraction
• Goofy’s Sky School - 42”
• Grizzly River Run - 42”
• Incredicoaster® - 48”
• Inside Out Emotional Whirlwind
• Jessie’s Critter Carousel
• Jumpin’ Jellyfish® Attraction - 40”
• The Little Mermaid — Ariel’s Undersea Adventure
• Luigi’s Rollickin’ Roadsters® Attraction - 32”
• Mater’s Junkyard Jamboree® Attraction - 32”
• Monsters, Inc. Mike & Sulley to the Rescue® Attraction 
inspired by Disney●Pixar’s Monsters, Inc.
• Pixar Pal-A-Round
• Radiator Springs Racers® Attraction - 40”
• Redwood Creek Challenge Trail® Attraction: Cliff 
Hanger Traverse Rock Climb - 42”
• Redwood Creek Challenge Trail® Attraction: Hoot n’ 
Holler Log Slides - 32”
• Redwood Creek Challenge Trail® Attraction: Sequoia 
Smokejumpers Training Zip Line - 42”-63” and under 13 
years old
POPULAR RIDES AND
A TTRACTIONS BY P ARK
With so much fun in store, it can be challenging to narrow down exactly what to do and see 
while you’re in the Happiest Place on Earth®. Don’t worry — we’ve got you covered! Here is a 
complete list of the rides and experiences available in each park, plus information on height 
requirements, kid favorites and more.
Disney California Adventure® Park Attractions
Hop here to learn more! 6 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 
Ready to make a plan for 
your day? Check out our 
pre-made park plans or 
customize your own in the 
Undercover Tourist Theme 
Park Day App!
Haven’t heard about 
Lightning Lane Passes? 
Don’t worry! Hop to “Skip 
the Lines” to learn more.
Rider Switch service is 
available at all attractions 
in Disneyland® Park 
and Disney California 
Adventure® Park.
 
Tadpole Favorite
Lightning Lane 
Single Pass
Lightning Lane 
Multi Pass
Single Rider Line

=== PAGE 7 ===
• Silly Symphony Swings® Attraction (single swings)
• Silly Symphony Swings® Attraction (tandem swings) - 40”
• Soarin’ Around the World® Attraction - 40”
• Toy Story Midway Mania! Attraction inspired  
by Disney●Pixar’s Toy Story films
• WEB SLINGERS: A Spider-Man Adventure
POPULAR RIDES AND
A TTRACTIONS BY P ARK
With so much fun in store, it can be challenging to narrow down exactly what to do and see 
while you’re in the Happiest Place on Earth®. Don’t worry — we’ve got you covered! Here is a 
complete list of the rides and experiences available in each park, plus information on height 
requirements, kid favorites and more.
Disney California Adventure® Park Attractions
Hop here to learn more! 7 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 
• World of Color 
• Disney Jr. Mickey Mouse Clubhouse Live!
• Seasonal Entertainment 
• Guardians of the Galaxy: Awesome Dance Off!
• The Amazing Spider-Man!
• Warriors of Wakanda: The Disciplines of the Dora Milaje
• Operation: Play Time! – Featuring the Green Army Patrol
Shows and Entertainment
Ready to make a plan for 
your day? Check out our 
pre-made park plans or 
customize your own in the 
Undercover Tourist Theme 
Park Day App!
Haven’t heard about 
Lightning Lane Passes? 
Don’t worry! Hop to “Skip 
the Lines” to learn more.
Rider Switch service is 
available at all attractions 
in Disneyland® Park 
and Disney California 
Adventure® Park.
 
Tadpole Favorite
Lightning Lane 
Single Pass
Lightning Lane 
Multi Pass
Single Rider Line
Virtual Queue

=== PAGE 8 ===
With several ticket options, there’s something right for 
everyone! In our experience, most families visiting 
Anaheim or the Los Angeles area stay between four 
and six days and opt for  2- to 5-day tickets.
TICKET TYPES
One park per day, no hopping 
BEST FOR:
First-timers or those with young tadpoles
Base
Same-day access to both theme parks.
One of the most wonderful things about Disneyland® 
Resort is how close together the theme parks are! 
Disneyland® Park and Disney California Adventure® 
Park are a short walk away from one another across 
the esplanade. Because the parks are so close 
together, we highly recommend Park Hopper tickets 
for your visit. 
Park Hopper®
Add on Lightning Lane Multi Pass to either ticket type to 
save time waiting in line! Choose the next available time 
to arrive at a variety of attractions and experiences using 
the Lightning Lane entrance. Y ou can save some green 
by purchasing Lightning Lane Multi Pass in advance, 
since pricing is otherwise variable by date.
Make Y our Theme Park Reservation
All guests visiting Disneyland® Resort must make a 
theme park reservation, which can be made through the 
Disneyland app or website. If you are park hopping, you 
only need to reserve the first park you wish to enter. At 
11 a.m., you can hop to the other park.
Disney Lightning Lane Multi Pass
Hop to “Skip the Lines” to 
learn more about Lightning 
Lane Passes
Don’t froget: Undercover Tourist 
offers a 365-day refund policy on 
Disneyland® Resort tickets!
FREE $20 DiningDollars.com 
Promo Code with all Disney 
Theme Park Tickets provided by 
Undercover Tourist
Hop here to learn more! 8 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 


=== PAGE 9 ===
The original on-site hotel, this tropical getaway 
opened with Disneyland® Resort and pays 
homage to its opening day with buildings 
themed to Fantasyland® Area, Frontierland® 
Area and Adventureland® Area.
What We Love:
• The monorail slide at the pool
• Trader Sam’s Enchanted Tiki Bar®
• Light-up headboards
Enter the beloved world of Pixar, with touches 
throughout from your favorite films and 
modern flair.
What We Love:
• Fireworks views from the pool deck
• Family play court to get the wiggles out, 
plus character-inspired firepits to warm 
those SoCal nights
• “Finding Nemo” inspired water play area, 
including a waterslide featuring Crush and a 
splash pad with Hank
In these spacious rooms, you’ll find both 
modern touches and beautiful nods to classic 
animated favorites like “The Jungle Book,” 
“Sleeping Beauty” and more.
What We Love:
• Home-like accommodations, including 
some units with kitchens
• Steamboat Willie splash pad
• Room options for any party size, from 2 
guests to 12 guests
Step into the serene woodland vibes at this 
hotel, with its own separate entrance into 
Disney California Adventure® Park.
What We Love:
• Mickey’s Tales of Adventure Breakfast 
Buffet at Storytellers Café 
• Three pools, including a leisure pool, a 
turtle fountain and a 90-foot-long  
waterslide — something for every member 
of the family
• Dedicated entrance to Disney California 
Adventure® Park
Disneyland® Hotel
Pixar Place® Hotel
 The Villas at Disneyland® Hotel
Disney’s Grand Californian
Hotel® & Spa
WHERE TO S TAY
Each of these resorts are within walking distance of the parks, or offer the Disneyland® Monorail 
in the Downtown Disney® District to Disneyland® Park. The three hotels of Disneyland® Resort 
also offer one free Lightning Lane Multi Pass attraction per guest, per stay.
THERE ARE THREE ON-SITE HOTELS AT DISNEYLAND® RESORT:
Hop here to learn more! 9 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 
Lock in your Disney hotel stay for a
then pay the remainder 30 days 
prior to check-in when booking 
through Undercover Tourist!
REFUNDABLE $200 DEPOSIT

=== PAGE 10 ===
WHERE TO S TAY
Immersive theming. Each of the 
Disneyland® hotels has its own unique 
theme, keeping you in the magic 
throughout your stay.
Convenient location. All Disneyland® 
hotels are within walking distance of the 
theme parks, Downtown Disney® District 
and each other. Y ou have short waits to 
get through security, and you have no 
stress about parking each day. It’s easy to 
hop back to the hotel for pool time, dining 
or a nap.
ALL ON-SITE GUESTS OF THE THREE DISNEYLAND® RESORT 
HOTELS RECEIVE THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS
(even when booking through Undercover Tourist):
Better theme park reservation 
availability. Follow this link to see the 
theme park availability for Disneyland® 
hotel guests compared to other guests.
Guests of the Disneyland® Resort hotels 
will receive 1 Lightning Lane Multi Pass 
during their hotel stay.
Preferred dining access. Disneyland® 
hotel guests have special access to a 
limited number of reservations at select 
hotel table-service restaurants during the 
dates of the hotel stay.
Hop here to learn more! 10 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 
Not sure that you want to stay 
on-site? One thing we love about 
Disneyland® Resort is the variety 
of hotel options! There are lots of 
off-site hotels that are still within 
walking or shuttle distance that 
Undercover Tourist can save you 
some green on. Some even offer 
free breakfast, special kids’ play 
areas and more!

=== PAGE 11 ===
WHERE TO E AT
There are SO many delicious dining options at Disneyland® Resort! It’s true that things taste 
better when they’re Mickey-shaped. Here are a few of our favorite food spots.
Disneyland® Park
The Hotels of   
Disneyland® Resort
• Jolly Holiday Bakery Cafe 
• Plaza Inn
• Café Daisy
• Café Orleans 
• Blue Bayou Restaurant
Downtown Disney® District
• Earl of Sandwich
• Black Tap Craft Burgers & Shakes
• Din Tai Fung
• Céntrico
• Beignets Expressed
Disney California 
Adventure® Park 
• Lamplight Lounge 
• Aunt Cass Café
• Pym Test Kitchen featuring 
IMPOSSIBLE™
• Cocina Cucamonga Mexican 
Grill
• Carthay Circle Restaurant
• Storytellers Café at Disney’s Grand  
Californian Hotel® & Spa
• GCH Craftsman Grill at Disney’s Grand 
Californian Hotel® & Spa
• Palm Breeze Bar at Disneyland® Hotel
• Tangaroa Terrace Tropical Bar and Grill at 
Disneyland® Hotel
• Goofy’s Kitchen at Disneyland® Hotel
Character Dining Fine Dining Quick ServiceTadpole Pick
Mobile Order is a popular option at Disneyland® Resort. Place 
your food order in advance in the Disneyland® app and skip the 
line at popular quick-service restaurants.
When to Reserve  
Since there are fewer table-service restaurants at Disneyland® Resort 
than Walt Disney World® Resort, getting advance dining reservations 
is less of a big-time affair. Table-service reservations can be made up 
to 60 days in advance of your trip. Y ou can also check for walk-up 
availability same-day. 
Hop here to learn more! 11 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 

=== PAGE 12 ===
Disney Lightning Lane Multi Pass replaces Disney Genie+ service as the 
new way to skip the wait. Plus, Disney Lightning Lane Multi Pass comes 
with unlimited Disney PhotoPass® digital downloads from the day.
Lightning Lane is the name of the queue you enter for expedited access. 
Standby lines remain available for most rides.
Reserve rides and experiences through the Disneyland app. 
Guests can make reservations for a party of up to 10 people.
All guests may reserve their first selection upon entering a Disneyland® 
Theme Park. After that, you can reserve another ride every 2 hours, or 
after scanning in for your most recently booked reservation — whichever 
comes first.
DISNEY LIGHTNING LANE  P ASSES
SKIP THE LINE
CHOOSE YOUR QUEUE
USE THE APP
SET YOUR ALARM
A faster way to get to your favorite rides has debuted at Disneyland® 
Resort — Disney Lightning Lane Multi Pass! This optional, paid 
service can be purchased in advance with your tickets, or same 
day within the Disneyland app. Select popular attractions can be 
purchased a la carte — these are called Lightning Lane Single  
Pass, at a separate cost from Lightning Lane Multi Pass.
Hop here to learn more! 12 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 


=== PAGE 13 ===
WHEN TO BOOK
Mark your calendar for some important dates to keep in mind as you plan your vacation, 
including when to book tickets, make dining reservations and more.
Use our #1 ranked crowd calendar to choose the best 
time to visit Disneyland® Resort for your family!  
Y ou can also download our SoCal Theme Park Day app to see 
Crowd Calendar and ticket prices for each day of your trip
365
DAYS OUT
90-240
DAYS OUT
60
DAYS OUT
7
DAYS OUT
3
DAYS OUT
• Book your Disneyland® Resort hotel
• Research Disney Lightning Lane Multi Pass to see if you’d like to save 
by purchasing this service already loaded and ready for your trip
• Buy your theme park tickets in advance to save on gate pricing
• Consider transportation options to and around the resort. Don’t  
forget that Undercover Tourist has hoppin’ deals on rental cars! 
• Make your theme park reservations in the Disneyland app
• Research rides on our Y ouTube channel
• Make dining reservations for table-service restaurants
• Reserve special experiences, such as Bibbidi Bobbidi 
Boutique, Savi’s Workshop and Dining Packages
• Request Disability Access Service, if needed
• Get the scoop on mobile ordering
• Use your research and Undercover Tourist’s tools to plan your best vacay day!
• Prepare for Los Angeles weather so you know what to pack
• Download our SoCal Theme Park Day app to see wait 
times and create your own customizable park plans
• Check the Disneyland Hours & Events Calendar to 
note entertainment times.
Hop here to learn more! 13 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 
Lock in your stay with a $200 refundable deposit!


=== PAGE 14 ===
TIPS AND TRICKS
Here are our top tips and tricks for making the very 
most of your time at Disneyland® Resort!
Decide in advance where you want 
to go. Use our list of attractions so you 
can decide what your priorities are for 
each park. Make planning your trip a 
family affair, and let everyone pick a 
couple of rides that are must-dos. 
Pick the best day to visit. Use our 
Crowd Calendar to identify the best 
dates to visit Disneyland® Resort.
Download our SoCal Theme Park Day 
app. It offers key showtimes, crowd 
levels, wait times and the optimal time 
to visit each attraction.
Utilize on-site perks. If you’re 
staying at a Disneyland® Resort 
hotel, each registered hotel guest 
gets 1 free Lightning Lane Multi Pass 
attraction during your stay (theme 
park reservation and valid admission 
required).
Arrive before the parks open. The first 
few hours are the least busy times in 
the park, and you can experience a lot 
more when crowds are low.
Consider Lightning Lane Passes. 
This paid service enables guests to 
wait in an expedited line for popular 
attractions. If you are purchasing 
same-day, know that the price varies 
by date and must be purchased on 
the day of your visit through the 
Disneyland app for each member 
of your party. Y ou may make your 
first reservation once you enter a 
theme park. Remember, this service 
is toadally optional and all attractions 
still have a free means of entry via the 
standby line.
Experience the most popular rides 
with the lowest durations first. Y ou 
can follow one of our park plans or 
customize your own. If you aren’t a 
family of early risers or you want more 
flexibility than a park plan offers, use 
our general map to decide which rides 
to visit at any given time. 
Take a break in the middle of the 
day. Especially if you’ve got young 
tadpoles, we suggest taking a break in 
the afternoon and then coming back 
in the evening for the parade and 
fireworks or nighttime shows.
Hop here to learn more! 14 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 

=== PAGE 15 ===
LEARN MORE!
Best Times to Visit Disneyland® Resort
Answering Y our Frequently Asked Questions About Disney Lightning Lane Passes
Disneyland® Resort Refurbishment Schedule and Ride Closures
How to Maximize Y our Time at Disneyland® Resort
Listen to our Expert Disney 
Planning Tips podcast
Sign up for our newsletter
@undercovertourist
Headed to the park soon? Maximize your 
time with our park plans. Plus, view ride 
wait times and crowd levels!
Just getting started on your vacation 
planning? Answer a few simple questions 
about your trip to receive a personalized 
budget, itinerary and curated content!
@undercovertourist
@themeparkfrog
@themeparkfrog
@undercovertourist
Check Out Our Most Popular Blog Posts
Hop Along with Us on Social! Stay in-the-Know
Plan Y our Trip And Customize Y our Park Days with Our FREE Apps!
See live wait times and crowd levels
Preview rides with in-app videos and helpful 
details such as height requirements
View and customize park plans to maximize 
your time in the park
Plan your next vacation all in one spot!
Get expert planning advice
Set your vacation budget, including real-time 
ticket, hotel and rental car costs by date
SoCal Theme 
Park Day
Theme Park Vacation 
Planner
Sign up for texts
Click here to learn more! Click here to learn more!