=== PAGE 1 ===
Where else can you walk into Hogwarts 
Castle™, ride your bike with E.T., race 
velociraptors, fly alongside Vikings and 
dragons, cause mischief with Minions and 
even visit Super Mario Land™? We don’t have 
to convince you that Universal Orlando Resort 
is a toadally thrilling destination, letting you 
literally step into your favorite movie and TV 
worlds! But you may have some questions 
about where to start your planning, such as 
where to stay, which ticket is right for you and 
even which park to visit, including the all-new 
Universal Epic Universe. The frogs are here 
to help! Let’s jump into everything you need 
to know to start planning your trip to 
Universal Orlando! 
Universal Orlando Resort 
l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l llllll
l l l l l l l
Intro.........................................................................1
Park Overview.......................................................2
Popular Rides and Attractions by Park.............4
Seasonal Events...................................................8
Ticket Types..........................................................9
Where to Stay......................................................10
Where to Eat........................................................12
Skip the Lines with Universal Express Pass....13
When to Book and Important Dates................14
Tips and Tricks....................................................15
Learn More..........................................................16

=== PAGE 2 ===
Universal Islands of Adventure Attractions
Universal Studios Florida Attractions
Hop here to learn more!
P ARK OVERVIEW
Universal Orlando Resort is made up of three theme parks, one water theme park and one 
hoppin’ entertainment, shopping and dining area. Here’s what you’ll find at each of them!
Fight Decepticons, break an ancient 
Mummy’s curse, get into some Minion 
mischief, become an honorary 
member of MIB and descend deep into 
Gringotts Bank to battle the Dark Lord — 
you’re the hero in these stories! 
BEST FOR:
Movie and TV lovers of all ages
SEASONAL EVENTS:
Halloween Horror Nights
Mardi Gras
Christmas in the Wizarding World
of Harry Potter™
Home to Hogwarts™ Castle — and the 
Forbidden Forest that surrounds it — 
plus the iconic Jurassic Park, whimsical 
Seuss Landing, epic Marvel Super Hero 
Island, and so much more, adventure 
awaits in eight incredible “islands!”
BEST FOR:
Adventurers of all ages, plus tadpoles 
who love Dr. Seuss
SEASONAL EVENTS:
Grinchmas
Christmas in the Wizarding World 
of Harry Potter™
MOST POPULAR RIDES:
Harry Potter and the Escape from Gringotts™
Revenge of the Mummy® 
Hogwarts™ Express - King’s Cross Station 
(*must have Park-to-Park admission to board)
EXPERIENCES:
Take a dark detour to Knockturn Alley, 
the shady spot devoted to Dark Arts
Learn the ways of the Dragon Warrior at Po’s 
Kung Fu Training Camp
MOST POPULAR RIDES:
Hagrid’s Magical Creatures Motorbike 
Adventure™ 
Jurassic World VelociCoaster
The Incredible Hulk Coaster® 
Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey™
EXPERIENCES:
Stroll through snow-capped Hogsmeade™ 
and send a letter via Owl Post™ 
Walk into Hogwarts™ School of Witchcraft 
and Wizardry
Additional fee or separately ticketed event 
2 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 

=== PAGE 3 ===
Universal Epic Universe
Universal Orlando Resort is made up of three theme parks, one water theme park and one 
hoppin’ entertainment, shopping and dining area. Here’s what you’ll find at each of them!
Enter the portals into five unique worlds, 
where you can explore Wizarding Paris, 
play a real-life video game, soar in the 
sky with dragons and lurk in the shadows 
with Universal Monsters.
BEST FOR:
Explorers of all ages
MOST POPULAR RIDES:
Harry Potter and the Battle at the Ministry™
Monsters Unchained: The Frankenstein 
Experiment
Mine-Cart Madness™
Stardust Racers
EXPERIENCES:
Play Power-Up Band challenges in SUPER 
NINTENDO WORLD™
Become a monster yourself with the 
Darkmoor Monster Makeup Experience
Universal CityWalk Universal Volcano Bay 
Water Theme Park
This “Epicenter of Awesome” 
serves up delicious dining options, 
toe-tapping entertainment and 
top-notch shopping stops.
Enter a tropical paradise, complete 
with winding rivers, wave pools, 
waterslides, and yes, Krakatoa 
Volcano as its towering icon.
Hop here to learn more!
P ARK OVERVIEW
3 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 


=== PAGE 4 ===
• Universal Orlando’s Horror Make-Up 
Show™
• Ollivanders™ Experience in Diagon 
Alley™
• The Bourne Stuntacular 
• Interactive Wand Experiences in 
Diagon Alley™
• The Tales of Beedle the Bard
• Animal Actors on Location!™ 
• Celestina Warbeck and the  
Banshees
• The Blues Brothers® Show
• Beat Builders
• Marilyn and the Diamond Bellas
• DreamWorks Imagination Celebration
• Harry Potter and the Escape from Gringotts™- 42”
• Revenge of the Mummy® - 48”
• Hogwarts™ Express - King’s Cross Station
• MEN IN BLACK™ Alien Attack™ - 42”
• Despicable Me Minion Mayhem - 40”
• Transformers: The Ride-3D - 40”
• E.T. Adventure - 34”
• Race Through New Y ork Starring Jimmy Fallon™ - 40”
• The Simpsons Ride™ - 40”
• Fast & Furious: Hollywood Drift (coming 2027)
• Kang & Kodos’ Twirl ’n’ Hurl
• Illumination’s Villain-Con Minion Blast
• Trolls Trollercoaster
Not sure what Express 
Pass is all about? Not to 
worry! Hop over to “Skip 
the Lines” to learn more.
Universal Studios Florida
POPULAR RIDES AND
A TTRACTIONS BY P ARK
Here are the not-to-miss attractions in each park. We’ve included important information like 
the height requirement, as well as which rides offer Single Rider lines, Child Swap and more.
Experiences and Shows
Hop here to learn more! 4 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 
Universal Express
Single Rider Line
Tadpole Favorite
Child Swap
Ready to make a plan for 
your day? Check out our 
pre-made park plans or 
customize your own in the 
Undercover Tourist Theme 
Park Day App!

=== PAGE 5 ===
• Hagrid’s Magical Creatures Motorbike                    
Adventure - 48”
• Jurassic World VelociCoaster - 51”
• The Incredible Hulk Coaster® - 54”
• Harry Potter and the Forbidden                              
Journey™ - 48”
• Hogwarts™ Express: Hogsmeade™ Station
• Jurassic Park River Adventure - 42”
• Pteranodon Flyers® - 36”-56”
• The Amazing Adventures of Spider-Man® - 40”
• The High in the Sky Seuss Trolley 
Train Ride!™ - 36”
• Skull Island: Reign of Kong™ - 36”
• Doctor Doom’s Fearfall® - 52”
• Dudley Do-Right’s Ripsaw Falls® - 44”
• Flight of the Hippogriff™ - 36”
• Caro-Seuss-el™
• One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish™
• Storm Force Accelatron®
• The Cat in the Hat™ - 36”
• Popeye and Bluto’s Bilge-Rat Barges®
Ready to make a plan for 
your day? Check out our 
pre-made park plans or 
customize your own in the 
Undercover Tourist Theme 
Park Day App!
Universal Express
Single Rider Line
Tadpole Favorite
Child Swap
POPULAR RIDES AND
A TTRACTIONS BY P ARK
Here are the not-to-miss attractions in each park. We’ve included important information like 
the height requirement, as well as which rides offer Single Rider lines, Child Swap and more.
Universal Islands of Adventure
Hop here to learn more! 5 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 
Not sure what Express 
Pass is all about? Not to 
worry! Hop over to “Skip 
the Lines” to learn more.

=== PAGE 6 ===
• Ollivanders™ Experience in Hogsmeade™
• Interactive Wand Experiences in Hogsmeade™
• Raptor Encounter
• The Nighttime Lights at Hogwarts™ Castle
• Frog Choir
• If I Ran the Zoo™
• Me Ship, the Olive®
• Oh! The Stories Y ou’ll Hear
• Triwizard Spirit Rally
• Hogwarts™ Always
POPULAR RIDES AND
A TTRACTIONS BY P ARK
Here are the not-to-miss attractions in each park. We’ve included important information like 
the height requirement, as well as which rides offer Single Rider lines, Child Swap and more.
Universal Islands of Adventure Experiences and Shows
Hop here to learn more! 6 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 
Universal Express
Single Rider Line
Tadpole Favorite
Child Swap
Ready to make a plan for 
your day? Check out our 
pre-made park plans or 
customize your own in the 
Undercover Tourist Theme 
Park Day App!
Not sure what Express 
Pass is all about? Not to 
worry! Hop over to “Skip 
the Lines” to learn more.

=== PAGE 7 ===
Universal Epic Universe
• Le Cirque Arcanus™ 
• The Untrainable Dragon 
• Astronomica
• Viking Training Camp 
• Interactive Wand Experiences in Ministry of Magic™ 
• Meet Toothless and Friends at Haddock Paddock
• Harry Potter and the Battle at the Ministry™ - 40”
• Monsters Unchained: The Frankenstein  
Experiment - 48”
• Curse of the Werewolf - 40”  
• Hiccup’s Wing Gliders - 40” 
• Dragon Racer’s Rally - 48” 
• Fyre Drill 
• Mario Kart™: Bowser’s Challenge - 40” 
• Mine-Cart Madness™ - 40” 
• Y oshi’s Adventure™ - 34” 
• Stardust Racers - 48”  
• Constellation Carousel Not sure what Express 
Pass is all about? Not to 
worry! Hop over to “Skip 
the Lines” to learn more.
POPULAR RIDES AND
A TTRACTIONS BY P ARK
Here are the not-to-miss attractions in each park. We’ve included important information like 
the height requirement, as well as which rides offer Single Rider lines, Child Swap and more.
Experiences and Shows
Hop here to learn more! 7 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 
Universal Express
Single Rider Line
Tadpole Favorite
Child Swap
Ready to make a plan for 
your day? Check out our 
pre-made park plans or 
customize your own in the 
Undercover Tourist Theme 
Park Day App!


=== PAGE 8 ===
Universal Orlando Resort hosts a number of seasonal events throughout the year. 
While most events are included with general admission, there are some separately 
ticketed events      .
Universal Mardi Gras: International  
Flavors of Carnaval 
• Daily from February to April at Universal 
Studios Florida 
• A family-friendly Mardi Gras celebration 
with international food booths, live 
entertainment, merch and more 
• Major highlights: daily Universal Mardi 
Gras Parade, Mardi Gras Concert Series 
(Friday to Sunday only) 
• Unique Universal character: Prince Gator 
Holidays at Universal  
• Daily from November to early  
January across Universal Orlando Resort 
• Find holiday decor, treats and 
entertainment at the theme parks, 
Universal CityWalk and the  
Universal hotels 
• Major highlights: Christmas in the 
Wizarding World of Harry Potter™ 
(Hogsmeade™, Diagon Alley™ and 
Ministry of Magic™), Grinchmas™ in  
Seuss Landing™, Universal’s Holiday 
Parade featuring Macy’s (Universal 
Studios Florida) 
• Unique Universal character: Earl the 
Squirrel 
Halloween Horror Nights 
• Select nights from late August to early 
November at Universal Studios Florida 
• Universal’s premier Halloween  
scare event, recommended for ages  
13 and older 
• Major highlights: 10 haunted houses,  
five scare zones, live shows, Death 
Eaters in the Wizarding World of Harry 
Potter™ – Diagon Alley™ 
• Unique Universal characters: Jack the 
Clown, Dr. Oddfellow, Lil Boo  
Rock the Universe 
January 
Butterbeer Season 
March to May 
Grad Bash & Gradventure 
April to May 
Universal Volcano Bay Nights 
Select nights 
Fourth of July  
EVE 
Dec. 31
SPRING
WINTER
FALL
OTHER EVENTS
SEASONAL EVENTS
Hop here to learn more! 8 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 

=== PAGE 9 ===
For up to five people, that’s a 
value of up to  $705 per day!
*Calculations based on the estimated 
cost for a 2-Park Universal Express 
Unlimited Pass, starting at $115 per 
person (cost varies by season).
HOTELS: Undercover Tourist offers a 
flexible deposit option for Universal 
Orlando hotels! Lock in your Universal 
Orlando hotel stay for a refundable $200 
deposit, and pay the balance 30 days prior 
to check-in.
Guests with 3+ day Park-to-Park tickets can jump between 
Universal Epic Universe, Universal Islands of Adventure and 
Universal Studios Florida.
Note that 1- and 2-day Park-to-Park tickets do not include  
Universal Epic Universe. 
Park-to-Park
TICKET TYPES
Base tickets are the most economical option, but they 
don’t give you as much flexibility and don’t allow you to 
ride the Hogwarts Express™. Base tickets are available 
for 1- to 3-days.
Base
We highly recommend you stay at an official Universal Orlando hotel. With convenient 
locations — many within walking distance of the parks — they also offer hopful benefits 
to hotel guests, such as:
Early Park Admission on select rides in either Universal Studios Florida, Universal 
Islands of Adventure, Universal Epic Universe, and rides in Universal Volcano Bay. 
Universal Express™ Unlimited ride access is offered at Loews Portofino Bay Hotel, Hard 
Rock Hotel® and Loews Royal Pacific Resort. 
(Universal Epic Universe and Volcano Bay are not included). 
Why Stay at a Universal Hotel? 
Hop here to learn more! 9 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 
With three theme parks, one water theme park and its entertainment area, there is no 
reason not to go for the Park-to-Park tickets. In our experience, most families visiting 
Orlando stay between  five and seven days  and opt for  3- to 5-day tickets.


=== PAGE 10 ===
WHERE TO S TAY
There are three tiers of Universal Orlando Resort hotels. All Universal Orlando 
hotel guests are eligible for extra time in the parks with Early Park Admission. Here 
is a breakdown of transportation options, location and other benefits by hotel.
Hop here to learn more! 10 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 
*All Universal Orlando Hotels offer Early Park Admission to: - Universal Studios Florida and/or 
Universal Islands of Adventure - Universal Volcano Bay (weather-permitting) - Universal Epic 
Universe up to 1 hour before the park officially opens
^Universal Express Unlimited is unavailable at Universal Epic Universe.


=== PAGE 11 ===
HOTEL BENEFITS
Experience the magic firsthand with unique theming and convenient amenities.
Hop here to learn more! 11 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 
Free Transportation 
Easily access Universal Studios Florida, 
Universal Islands of Adventure, Universal 
Volcano Bay and Universal Epic Universe 
with complimentary transportation options.
Early Park Admission* 
Enjoy up to an hour of fun at select attractions 
and theme parks with Early Park Admission.
Convenient Location  
Stay just steps away from the excitement of 
the parks!
Unlimited Express Pass^
Skip the lines and maximize your time with 
Unlimited Express Pass, complimentary for 
select Signature Collection hotel guests.
Themed Accommodations
Explore properties with their own stories, with 
options for families of all sizes.

=== PAGE 12 ===
• Hop on Pop Ice Cream Shop
• Green Eggs and Ham Cafe
• Three Broomsticks™
• Mythos
• Florean Fortescue’s Ice-Cream 
Parlour
• Finnegan’s Bar & Grill
• The Leaky Cauldron™
• Illumination’s Minion Café
• The Toothsome Chocolate Emporium & 
Savory Feast Kitchen
• The Cowfish® Sushi Burger Bar
• Antojitos Authentic Mexican Food
• Voodoo Doughnut
Hop here to learn more!
WHERE TO E AT
Dining at Universal Orlando Resort does not take a ton of advance planning (minus 
researching restaurants, of course!). 
Make reservations for restaurants in City Walk and character meals such as Marvel 
Character Dining or The Grinch™ & Friends Character Breakfast (available during the 
holidays only) a month or so in advance, especially if you are visiting during a busy 
time. Here are the Frog Family’s favorite Universal restaurants!
12 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 
• Wantilan Luau at Loews Royal Pacific 
Resort
• Mama Della’s Ristorante at Loews 
Portofino Bay Hotel
• The Kitchen at Hard Rock Hotel®
• Bar Helios at Universal Helios Grand Hotel
Universal Studios Florida
Universal City Walk
Universal Islands of Adven ture
Universal Orlando Hotels
• Toadstool Cafe
• Café L ’air De La Sirène
• Atlantic
• Mead Hall
Universal Epic Universe
Full Service
Fast-Casual
Kid-Friendly
Mobile Order


=== PAGE 13 ===
See which rides are 
included on the “Popular 
Rides and Attractions by 
Park” pages
Hop here to learn more!  Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 
UNIVERSAL EXPRESS  PA S S
With an Express Pass, you can enjoy shorter wait times at select 
attractions and experiences at Universal Orlando Resort! 
UNIVERSAL  
EXPRESS PASS
Includes one-time access to 
the Express line at participating 
rides and attractions 
UNIVERSAL EXPRESS  
UNLIMITED PASS
Includes unlimited access to 
the Express line at participating 
rides and attractions 
UNIVERSAL  
EXPRESS NOW
Includes same-day, one-time 
Express access to a single 
participating attraction within 
the Universal Orlando app. 
THERE ARE 3 KINDS OF UNIVERSAL EXPRESS PASSES AVAILABLE:
Universal Express Passes at 
Universal Orlando Resort are 
separately ticketed.
Y ou can buy in advance or in  
the park (subject to availability). 
The Express Pass is a paper ticket about the 
size of a credit card. Y ou’ll present this to the 
team member at the Express queue.
Halloween Horror Nights offers its own 
Express Pass, allowing you to skip the 
haunted house lines.
THERE ARE A FEW IMPORTANT THINGS TO NOTE 
ABOUT THIS OPTIONAL, PAID SERVICE.
Note that Universal Express Pass follows 
the park admission you have — guests 
wishing to visit both parks will still need 
Park-to-Park versus Base. 
Universal Volcano Bay also offers two 
types of Express Passes: Express PLUS 
Pass, which includes one-time Express 
access to all rides; and Express Pass, 
which includes one-time express access to 
some rides.
*A separate theme park admission ticket is required in addition to Express Pass 
*Prices vary by date
13
Express access is limited to one-time 
access per participating ride at Epic 
Universe. This also means that Universal 
hotel guests with Express Unlimited cannot 
use Express Unlimited at Epic Universe. 
One of the best ways to maximize your time at 
Universal Epic Universe is with Express Pass, 
which is offered at all but one ride in the park. 
At this time, Universal Epic Universe does not 
offer Express Unlimited. 
Be sure to look for Express Passes that say “PLUS Universal Epic Universe” 
if you want to use Express Pass at the newest theme park!
UNIVERSAL EPIC UNIVERSE
HOP TIP

=== PAGE 14 ===
Mark your calendar for some important dates to keep in mind as you plan your vacation, 
including when to book tickets, make dining reservations and more.
WHEN TO BOOK
Use our #1 ranked crowd calendar to choose the best time 
to visit Universal Orlando Resort for your family!
Y ou can also download our Theme Park Vacation Planner app to 
see Crowd Calendar and ticket prices for each day of your trip
Hop here to learn more!
3
DAYS OUT
• Plan your days in the parks using your research and 
Undercover Tourist’s tools, including Park Plans
• Download our Orlando Theme Park Day App to see wait 
times and create your own customizable Park Plans 
30
DAYS OUT
• Start watching our ride videos on Y ouTube and make 
a list of priorities for the whole family
• Book on property character dining, dinner packages 
or dining reservations
7
DAYS OUT
• Get the scoop on mobile ordering
• Use your research and Undercover Tourist’s tools to plan your best vacay day!
• Prepare for Orlando weather so you know what to pack
365
DAYS OUT
• Book your Universal Orlando hotel. Universal’s on property 
hotels offer Early Park Admission to select rides, one hour 
before the parks open. Consider staying at a Premier hotel 
for the free Universal Express Unlimited Pass benefit
90
DAYS OUT
• Book your Universal Orlando tickets from Undercover Tourist
• Research transportation options to the resort. Universal       
Orlando doesn’t offer free airport transfers, but we offer       
car rentals with big savings!
 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more!  14

=== PAGE 15 ===
Doing a little bit of planning before your visit can mean the difference 
between an OK or toadally terrific time. Here’s how!
Decide in advance what you want to 
do in the parks. Use our list of attractions 
so you can decide what your priorities are. 
Make planning your trip a family affair, and 
let everyone pick a couple of rides that are 
must-dos.
Stay on-property. Universal’s on-property 
hotels offer Early Park Admission one hour 
before the parks open. (Valid theme park 
admission is required.) Select hotels also 
offer Universal Express Unlimited — an 
incredible value! With Universal Express, 
you can hop into shorter queues at most 
of the parks’ rides.
Pick the best day to visit. Use our 
Crowd Calendar to identify the best dates to 
visit and then the best parks to visit on each 
day of your trip.
Use the Single Rider Lines. If you don’t 
mind your party riding separately, these are 
often even faster than Universal Express. 
These do skip major queue elements, so  
first-timers may not want to use them on 
rides such as Harry Potter and the Escape 
from Gringotts™ and Harry Potter and the 
Forbidden Journey™. 
Get a 3-Day (or longer!) ticket to visit 
Universal Epic Universe more  
than once!
If you’re staying off-property during 
a busy time, consider purchasing    
Universal Express Passes. Buy from 
Universal online or when you get to the 
parks, or save some green when purchasing 
through Undercover Tourist.
Download our Orlando Theme Park 
Day app or print our Park Plans 
and general maps. Our app offers 
showtimes, crowd levels, wait times and 
height requirements. It also offers pre-set or 
customizable Park Plans. Or go to the site 
and print our Park Plans or general maps for 
the best time to visit all rides.
Arrive before the parks open. Team 
members typically open the parks even 
before the official posted openings. The 
first few hours are the least-busy times in 
the park, and you can experience a lot more 
when crowds are low.
Hop here to learn more! 15 Visit UndercoverTourist.com for discounts 
on theme park tickets, hotels and more! 
TIPS AND TRICKS

=== PAGE 16 ===
Listen to our Expert Disney 
Planning Tips podcast
Sign up for our newsletter
@undercovertourist
Headed to the park soon? Maximize your 
time with our park plans. Plus, view ride 
wait times and crowd levels!
Just getting started on your vacation 
planning? Answer a few simple questions 
about your trip to receive a personalized 
budget, itinerary and curated content!
@undercovertourist
@themeparkfrog
@themeparkfrog
@undercovertourist
Hop Along with Us on Social! Stay in-the-Know
Plan Y our Trip And Customize Y our Park Days with Our FREE Apps!
See live wait times and crowd levels
Preview rides with in-app videos and helpful 
details such as height requirements
View and customize park plans to maximize 
your time in the park
Plan your next vacation all in one spot!
Get expert planning advice
Set your vacation budget, including real-time 
ticket, hotel and rental car costs by date
Orlando Theme 
Park Day
Theme Park Vacation 
Planner
Sign up for texts
LEARN MORE!
Best Times to Visit Universal Orlando
The Ultimate Guide on When to Use Express Pass at Universal Orlando
Y our Toadally Spellbinding Guide to The Wizarding World of Harry Potter at Universal Orlando
Learn All About Universal Orlando’s Bag Policy and Locker System
Universal Epic Universe — Y our Guide to This Brand-New Park
A Hoppin’ Overview of Universal Orlando Resort Events and Beyond
Check Out Our Most Popular Blog Posts
Click here to learn more! Click here to learn more!